Olivia Hye: Hello, I'm Olivia Hye, the 12th member of LOOΠΔ!
Choerry: (Same age) My friend!
HaSeul: Please say anything!
HaSeul: Choerry, please wink in front of the camera.
(Winking Choerry, such a veteran of filming LOOΠΔ TV!)
HaSeul: Olivia Hye, would you do that for us?
Olivia Hye: I'm not good at winking...
Olivia Hye: However, I'm gonna practice...
HaSeul: Hey, don't be serious.
HaSeul: That's exactly not what LOOΠΔ TV wants.
HaSeul: Loud sound is the best for LOOΠΔ TV
(No... That's not it...)
Choerry: No, don't do this~
Choerry: Which animal do you want to have as representative animal?
Executive Director : Turtle!
Olivia Hye: Tur..turtle?
JinSoul: Blackbird?
HaSeul: Then you always have to be elegant like a blackbird!
(Olivia Hye posing gracefully!)
HaSeul: You're pretty good~
HaSeul: (HaSeul's LOOΠΔ TV started!) The shooting is just started!
Olivia Hye: It's heavier than I expected!
Olivia Hye: I don't know anything yet~
Olivia Hye: Because I didn't hear anything about this...
Olivia Hye: I'll do well, right?
HaSeul: Say anything what you want and end the recording with 'Dang!'
Olivia Hye: Do I have to say the word 'Dang'?
HaSeul: No!
(Please look forward to how Olivia Hye is getting used to LOOΠΔ TV!)